Add a max brightness field for each dimmer in config file #149 (#200)
milo526/homebridge-tuya-web: README.md

- `id` The name or id for the device that is registered in the Android/iOS App. When matching on ID please provide the `Tuya ID` as shown during Homebridge boot.
- `device_type` The `device_type` to be overruled. This can be useful for dimmers that are reported as `light` by the Tuya API and don't support hue and saturation or for outlets that are reported as `switch`.

> - `max_brightness` The maximum value of your dimmer light brightness (It seems that not all dimmers has a the same value), you can get this value by setting your dimmer to 100% in Tuya\Smartlife app, then go into your homebridge main log screen and open the homekit app, once the accessories load you can view the output and see the current value of each light, this output value is your accessories maximum brightness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `max_brightness` The maximum value of your dimmer light brightness. To get this, turn your dimmer/light to 100% brightness via the Tuya App. Next open your HomeKit app. Lastly view your HomeBridge logs, once the accessories load you can view the output and see the current value of each light. Something along the lines of `Characteristic.Brightness - [GET] 255` should be shown - in which case you want to set the numerical value of that log entry to the `max_brightness` value.
```

Author: Done

> [14/02/2021, 19:26:34] [TuyaWebPlatform] [office light] Characteristic.Brightness - [GET] 255

Reviewer: These changes are not necessary when combined with the suggested change above.

Author: Removed
